Added notes for changes related to k8s 1.22 in rancher-backup app (#3733)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/backups/back-up-rancher/_index.md

In this section, you'll learn how to back up Rancher running on any Kubernetes cluster. To backup Rancher installed with Docker, refer the instructions for [single node backups]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/backups/docker-installs/docker-backups)

The backup-restore operator needs to be installed in the local cluster, and only backs up the Rancher app. The backup and restore operations are performed only in the local Kubernetes cluster. 

> Note that the Rancher app version 2.x.x is for the Rancher v2.6.x line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that rancher-backup operator version 2.x.x is for the Rancher v2.6.x line.
```

Author: Revised as suggested (took out "line").
